initial contribution guidelines (#543)
klothoplatform/klotho: CONTRIBUTING.md

# CONTRIBUTING.md

## Introduction

Welcome to the Klotho project, and thank you for your interest in contributing! Klotho is an open-source tool that transforms plain code into cloud-native code. We appreciate all contributions from our community, whether you're new to open-source projects or an experienced contributor.

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you agree to abide by the [Contributor Covenant v2.1](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/). Please read the full text of the Code of Conduct to ensure a welcoming and inclusive environment for everyone involved in the project.

## Getting Started

1. Fork the Klotho repository on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork to your local machine: `git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/klotho.git`

> 3. Set up your development environment by following the instructions provided in the [README.md](./blob/main/README.md) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set up your development environment by following the instructions provided in the [README.md](./README.md#developing) file.
```
Github will link it properly just being relative to this file (since README.md is also in the root)
